Eventslist (#1889)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/display-section.md

<img src="./assets/display-widgets/Columns.png" alt="Example of a columns widget" style="border: 1px solid #D2D5D9">

### EventList

> EventList widget renders a list of Events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EventList widget renders a list of events.
```

#### Widget-specific parameters

> - **filterBy** - A JSONata function to filter events. There is a special custom function [matchEvents](jsonata.md#matcheventsitem-kind-name) used to filter events for specific resource, for example, `$matchEvents($item, $root.kind, $root.metadata.name)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **filterBy** - A JSONata function to filter events. There is a special custom function [matchEvents](jsonata.md#matcheventsitem-kind-name) used to filter events for specific resource, for example, `$matchEvents($item, $root.kind, $root.metadata.name)`.
```

> - **filterBy** - A JSONata function to filter events. There is a special custom function [matchEvents](jsonata.md#matcheventsitem-kind-name) used to filter events for specific resource, for example, `$matchEvents($item, $root.kind, $root.metadata.name)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **filterBy** - A JSONata function you can use to filter events emitted by a specific resource. There is a special custom function [matchEvents](jsonata.md#matcheventsitem-kind-name) used to filter events for specific resource, for example, `$matchEvents($item, $root.kind, $root.metadata.name)`.
```

- **defaultType** - either `ALL`, `NORMAL` or `WARNING`. When set to `NORMAL` or `WARNING` events with specific type are displayed. By default all events are fetched.

> - **hideInvolvedObjects** - optional flag. If set to `true`, the **Involved Objects** column will be hidden. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **hideInvolvedObjects** - optional flag. If set to `true`, the **Involved Objects** column is hidden. Defaults to `false`.
```
